Script 1: Wisteria is Deadly
You don’t realize how deadly Wisteria poison is. Even in a very small quantity, it can paralyze normal demons, and immobilize the Twelve Kizuki. But if administered in a high amount, it can literally dissolve a demon, completely taking its regeneration ability. Even in real life, wisteria flowers are considered poisonous, as they can cause dizziness and nausea. The Wisteria began a thing when demon slayers saved a family from demons. As a token of gratitude, the family dedicated an entire house for demon slayers to rest at no cost. Shinobu Kocho probably uses Wisteria on an almost deadly basis. She isn’t as strong as the other Hashiras, so she cannot behead demons. Instead, she wields an injection-like sword, the Stinger Katana, which injects wisteria poison into demons, and takes care of them. Similarly, Gyomei used to burn Wisteria incense every night to ward off demons. Its main usage is when demon slayers need to trap a demon. The name of Mount Fujikasane, where the final selection of demon slayers occurs, literally means “covered in Wisteria.” That’s because Wisteria is used to trap demons inside the forest, and participants have to survive with them for 7 days.
Script 2: How much Demon Slayers are Paid?
You won’t believe how much Hashiras get paid, and the salary difference between them and normal slayers is simply huge. You see, although demon slayers work very hard and put their lives on the line; they get paid a very meager amount to deal with demons. And that is justified, considering there are no funders for the organization, as they have to work from the shadows. The only support they get is from the Ubuyashiki family, and it can do only so much. The lower ranks usually provide support, tag along, and make very little money. According to the Demon Slayer official fan book, the lowest rank, Mizunoto, is paid only 20,000 yen, which is equivalent to 125 US dollars. Let's suppose the pay doubles with each promotion. There are 10 ranks in total, with the highest being Kinoe. So, the highest rank would receive around 2,500 US dollars per month, which is great. For reference, Tanjiro and his friends are currently Kanoe, which is the 4th rank in the chain, so they are being paid around 80,000 yen, which is equal to about 500 dollars. But as for the Hashira, the system is a bit different. According to the same Fanbook, they get paid as much as they want, with no restrictions whatsoever.

Script 3: Demon Slayer Corp
Do you know the Demon Slayer Corp is made up of 6 pillars? And the entire corps would crumble if even a single unit is out of order.
Number 6: The Swordsmiths - They are experts in forging and repairing Nichirin Swords, which are the only effective weapons to slay demons.
Number 5: The Kakushi - They provide support to Demon Slayers. They tend to injured Slayers, provide first aid, and transport them to the Butterfly Mansion. The Kakushi also tailor the Demon Slayers’ uniforms.
Number 4: Cultivators - These are the individuals who provide basic training to young swordsmen aspiring to become Demon Slayers. Each of them has different methods, and when they see fit, they allow their students to participate in the Final Selection.
Number 3: Demon Slayers - The core of the organization, tasked with tracking and eliminating demons.
Number 2: Hashiras - Although they are also Demon Slayers, they are so skilled that they are a force of their own. They are reserved to fight against the upper ranks of demons.
Number 1: Oyakata - The head of the corps who oversees all the Demon Slayers, and traditionally, he is a member of the Ubuyashiki Family.

Script 4: The Criteria to Become a Hashira
So, how do you become a Hashira? Well, just to be considered for this position, you must reach the highest rank among demon slayers - Kinoe. After that, there are two methods to prove your worth. The first one is a little risky - you either need to have slain at least 50 demons or killed one of the twelve Kizuki. The second method is also extremely difficult, but not much of a risk here. You can become the Tsuguko of a current Hashira. However, to become a Tsuguko, you need to be extremely talented and accepted by a Hashira. You can apply for the position or be scouted by one. Plus, you can only become a Hashira if the current Hashira either dies or retires. The training required to become a Hashira is said to be around 5 years of extreme hard work. Hashira are also supposed to be masters of their respective breathing styles. Talented individuals can complete the Hashira training in just 2 years or so. However, there are two extreme examples here - Muichiro Tokito and Gyomei Himejima. Muichiro is only 14 years old, and Gyomei is blind, but both of them became Hashira in just 2 months after joining the Demon Slayer Corps.

Script 5: Types of Demons
Did you know there are individuals who are totally resistant to demon blood? Well, they are extremely rare. When a person becomes a demon, they undergo a cellular transformation, and based on how they spend their lifetime and how many mutations they undergo, they can adapt to one of three physical categories of demons.
First, Inhuman - Although they were once real people, they have undergone so much transition that they have lost all of their human-related features. Some of them are animalistic, like having a spider or ghost-like form, while others are more abstract, like the one Tanjiro killed during the Final Selection.
Second, Humanoid - They have bodies of humans but exhibit some distinct changes to their physical appearance, like the current and former Upper Rank 4. Some of the changes include the appearance of horns, sharp claws, and carnivorous jaws.
And finally, Indistinguishable - These demons look just like humans, with only slight differences like paler skin, pointed nails, and cat-like pupils. Nezuko, Muzan, Tamayo, and Yushiro are indistinguishable demons.
Script 6: How the First Ever Demon was created?
If demons can only be created through Muzan’s blood, then how did Muzan become a demon? It all started in the early 900s. Muzan was diagnosed with a disease that could kill him before he turned 20. His doctor prepared a medicine for him, and the important part of this treatment was the Blue Spider Lily. But Muzan thought the medicine had no effect on him, so he killed the doctor out of frustration. However, the treatment wasn’t complete yet, as the doctor had yet to administer the final part of the Spider Lily medicine. After killing the doctor, Muzan began to see incredible improvements in his health and strength. But since the Blue Spider Lily wasn’t fully consumed, it left him with another problem. Although he gained an ever-young body and the ability to create more of his kind, his body would severely burn if exposed to sunlight. It is said that the Blue Spider Lily can cure even this problem, but this flower only blooms 2 to 3 times a year, and even that only during the daytime. It is extremely difficult to find, so for the past 1000 years, he has been searching for this lily to overcome the sun and finally achieve immortality.

Script 7: Urokodaki was a beast
Do you know why Sakonji Urokodaki wears a mask? Because, demons used to make fun of him for having such a gentle face. Still, he was a beast during his time. He is a former water hashira, and during his time he singlehandedly defeated, disabled, and brought the hands demon to Mount Fujikasane. But this turned out rather unfateful. You see, the demon developed a personal enmity to Urokodaki, and would handpick his students and eat them, as his revenge for getting his freedome being taken. Out of 14 Urokodaki’s students, most got eaten by this demon including Sabito and Makomo. Tomiaka requested him to take Tanjiro in for training as he also has the same heightened sense of smell as him. So much for being a pillar, he was too kind and considerate. He never wanted Tanjiro to participate in the exam. So he set up the boulder, which he thought he would never be able to cut, but he did. Urokodaki is also compared with Miyamoto Musashi, who in his later years started to meditate in remote mountains. Wrote a book, “The Book of the Water”, and got tons of his disciples killed during his lifetime.

Script 8 - The Strongest Hashira
Here are all 13 Hashiras from weakest to Strongest
Number 13 - Kanae Kocho - The elder sister of Shinobu. 
Number 12 - Shinjuro Rengoku The guy lost confidence in his skills after learning about the powers of Sun Breathers.
Number 11 - Shinobu Kocho - She cannot behead demons.
Number 10 - Mitsuri Kanroji - Mitsuri helped Tanjiro a lot during his fight against the former Upper Rank 4.
Number 09 - Obanai Iguro - This guy had incredible precision in sword handling.
Number 08 - Jigoro Kiwajima - The Former Thunder Hashira, who was called “Roaring Hashira” instead.
Number 07 - Tengen Uzui - Tengen gave a very tough time to one of the strongest Upper Moons Gyutaro. 
Number 06 - Sakonji Urokodaki - He captured and imprisoned the Hands Demon inside Mount Fujikasane.
Number 05 - Kyojuro Rengoku - This guy gave a great fight even to Akaza, and got praised by him.
Number 4 - Muichiro Tokito - Tokito was the youngest Hashira, and handled Upper Rank 4 all on his own.
Number 3 - Giyuu Tomioka - Giyuu was calm, focused, and extremely well-versed in his breathing.
Number 2 - Sanemi Shinazugawa - Sanemi was considered among the 2 best Hashiras by Kokushibo.
And finally Number 1 - Gyomei Himejima - The guy is built like a giant bolder, but he strikes like lightning. 

